Daily-Coding-Problem/README.md, before:

# Daily Coding Problem

### Solutions to <a href= "https://www.dailycodingproblem.com">Daily Coding Problems</a>

<a name="list"></a>

## List:

- [Problem 1: Two Sum Target In Array (Google)](#problem-1) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-001-two-sum-target-in-array.js)

- [Problem 2: Product of Array Elements except current Index (Uber)](#problem-2) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-002-product-array-except-self.js)

- [Problem 3: Serialize and Deserialize a Binary Tree (Google)](#problem-3) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-003-serialize-deserialize-binary-tree.js)

- [Problem 4: First Missing Positive Number (Stripe)](#problem-4) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-004-first-missing-positive.js)

- [Problem 5: Implement Functional Programming Functions car and cdr (Jane Street)](#problem-5) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-005-functional-car-cdr.js)

- [Problem 6: XOR Doubly Linked List (Google)](#problem-6) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-006-XOR-linked-list.js)

- [Problem 7: Number of Ways to Decode (Facebook)](#problem-7) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-007-number-ways-to-decode.js)

- [Problem 8: Number of Unival Subtrees (Google)](#problem-8) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-008-number-of-unival-subtrees.js)

- [Problem 9: Largest Sum of Non-adjacent Numbers (Airbnb)](#problem-9) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-009-largest-sum-non-adjacent-numbers.js)

- [Problem 10: Job Scheduler (Apple)](#problem-10) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-010-job-scheduler.js)

- [Problem 11: Autocomplete with Prefix (Twitter)](#problem-11) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-011-autocomplete-with-prefix.js)

- [Problem 12: Climb Staircase (Amazon)](#problem-12) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-012-climb-staircase.js)

- [Problem 13: Longest Substring of K distinct characters (Amazon)](#problem-13) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-013-longest-substring-k-distinct-chars.js)

- [Problem 14: Use Monte Carlo Method to Find Value of Pi (Google)](#problem-14) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-014-monte-carlo-method-pi.js)

- [Problem 15: Random Element From Stream (Facebook)](#problem-15) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-015-random-element-stream.js)

- [Problem 16: Ecommerce Record and Get Last Ids (Twitter)](#problem-16) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-016-record-get-last-ids.js)

- [Problem 17: Longest Absolute File Path (Google)](#problem-17) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-017-longest-absolute-file-path.js)

- [Problem 18: Sliding Window Max (Google)](#problem-18) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-018-sliding-window-max.js)

- [Problem 19: Build Different Color Houses (Facebook)](#problem-19) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-019-build-different-color-houses.js)

- [Problem 20: Intersecting Node of 2 Linked Lists (Google)](#problem-20) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-020-intersecting-node-2-linked-lists.js)

- [Problem 21: Minimum Rooms Required (Snapchat)](#problem-21) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-021-minimum-rooms-required.js)

- [Problem 22: Sentence Split (Microsoft)](#problem-22) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-022-sentence-split.js)

- [Problem 23: ()](#problem-23) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-023-.js)

## All Problems:

---

<a name="problem-1"></a>

### Problem 1:

> This problem was recently asked by Google.

Given a list of numbers and a number k, return whether any two numbers from the list add up to k.

For example, given [10, 15, 3, 7] and k of 17, return true since 10 + 7 is 17.

Bonus: Can you do this in one pass?

> Level: Easy

[Problem 1 Solution](solutions/problem-001-two-sum-target-in-array.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-2"></a>

### Problem 2:

> This problem was asked by Uber.

Given an array of integers, return a new array such that each element at index i of the new array is the product of all the numbers in the original array except the one at i.

For example, if our input was [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], the expected output would be [120, 60, 40, 30, 24]. If our input was [3, 2, 1], the expected output would be [2, 3, 6].

Follow-up: what if you can't use division?

> Level: Hard

[Problem 2 Solution](solutions/problem-002-product-array-except-self.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-3"></a>

### Problem 3:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root to a binary tree, implement serialize(root), which serializes the tree into a string, and deserialize(s), which deserializes the string back into the tree.

For example, given the following Node class

class Node:
def **init**(self, val, left=None, right=None):
self.val = val
self.left = left
self.right = right
The following test should pass:

node = Node('root', Node('left', Node('left.left')), Node('right'))
assert deserialize(serialize(node)).left.left.val == 'left.left'

> Level: Medium

[Problem 3 Solution](solutions/problem-003-serialize-deserialize-binary-tree.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-4"></a>

### Problem 4:

> This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given an array of integers, find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space. In other words, find the lowest positive integer that does not exist in the array. The array can contain duplicates and negative numbers as well.

For example, the input [3, 4, -1, 1] should give 2. The input [1, 2, 0] should give 3.

You can modify the input array in-place.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 4 Solution](solutions/problem-004-first-missing-positive.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-5"></a>

### Problem 5:

> This problem was asked by Jane Street.

cons(a, b) constructs a pair, and car(pair) and cdr(pair) returns the first and last element of that pair. For example, car(cons(3, 4)) returns 3, and cdr(cons(3, 4)) returns 4.

Given this implementation of cons:

    ```
        function cons (a,b){
            function pair(f){
                return f(a,b);
            }
            return pair;
        }
    ```

Implement car and cdr.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 5 Solution](solutions/problem-005-functional-car-cdr.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-6"></a>

### Problem 6:

> This problem was asked by Google.

An XOR linked list is a more memory efficient doubly linked list. Instead of each node holding next and prev fields, it holds a field named both, which is an XOR of the next node and the previous node. Implement an XOR linked list; it has an add(element) which adds the element to the end, and a get(index) which returns the node at index.

If using a language that has no pointers (such as Python), you can assume you have access to get_pointer and dereference_pointer functions that converts between nodes and memory addresses.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 6 Solution](solutions/problem-006-XOR-linked-list.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-7"></a>

### Problem 7:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given the mapping a = 1, b = 2, ... z = 26, and an encoded message, count the number of ways it can be decoded.

For example, the message '111' would give 3, since it could be decoded as 'aaa', 'ka', and 'ak'.

You can assume that the messages are decodable. For example, '001' is not allowed.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 7 Solution](solutions/problem-007-number-ways-to-decode.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-8"></a>

### Problem 8:

> This problem was asked by Google.

A unival tree (which stands for "universal value") is a tree where all nodes under it have the same value.

Given the root to a binary tree, count the number of unival subtrees.

For example, the following tree has 5 unival subtrees:

```
         0
        / \
       1   0
          / \
         1   0
        / \
       1   1

```

> Level: Easy

[Problem 8 Solution](solutions/problem-008-number-of-unival-subtrees.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-9"></a>

### Problem 9:

> This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a list of integers, write a function that returns the largest sum of non-adjacent numbers. Numbers can be 0 or negative.

For example, [2, 4, 6, 2, 5] should return 13, since we pick 2, 6, and 5. [5, 1, 1, 5] should return 10, since we pick 5 and 5.

Follow-up: Can you do this in O(N) time and constant space?

> Level: Hard

[Problem 9 Solution](solutions/problem-009-largest-sum-non-adjacent-numbers.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-10"></a>

### Problem 10:

> This problem was asked by Apple.

Implement a job scheduler which takes in a function f and an integer n, and calls f after n milliseconds.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 10 Solution](solutions/problem-010-job-scheduler.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-11"></a>

### Problem 11:

> This problem was asked by Twitter.

Implement an autocomplete system. That is, given a query string s and a set of all possible query strings, return all strings in the set that have s as a prefix.

For example, given the query string de and the set of strings [dog, deer, deal], return [deer, deal].

Hint: Try preprocessing the dictionary into a more efficient data structure to speed up queries.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 11 Solution](solutions/problem-011-autocomplete-with-prefix.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-12"></a>

### Problem 12:

> This problem was asked by Amazon.

There exists a staircase with N steps, and you can climb up either 1 or 2 steps at a time. Given N, write a function that returns the number of unique ways you can climb the staircase. The order of the steps matters.

For example, if N is 4, then there are 5 unique ways:

1, 1, 1, 1
2, 1, 1
1, 2, 1
1, 1, 2
2, 2
What if, instead of being able to climb 1 or 2 steps at a time, you could climb any number from a set of positive integers X? For example, if X = {1, 3, 5}, you could climb 1, 3, or 5 steps at a time.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 12 Solution](solutions/problem-012-climb-staircase.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-13"></a>

### Problem 13:

> This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given an integer k and a string s, find the length of the longest substring that contains at most k distinct characters.

For example, given s = "abcba" and k = 2, the longest substring with k distinct characters is "bcb".

> Level: Hard

[Problem 13 Solution](solutions/problem-013-longest-substring-k-distinct-chars.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-14"></a>

### Problem 14:

> This problem was asked by Google.

The area of a circle is defined as πr^2. Estimate π to 3 decimal places using a Monte Carlo method.

Hint: The basic equation of a circle is x2 + y2 = r2.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 14 Solution](solutions/problem-014-monte-carlo-method-pi.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-15"></a>

### Problem 15:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a stream of elements too large to store in memory, pick a random element from the stream with uniform probability.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 15 Solution](solutions/problem-015-random-element-stream.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-16"></a>

### Problem 16:

> This problem was asked by Twitter.

You run an e-commerce website and want to record the last N order ids in a log. Implement a data structure to accomplish this, with the following API:

```
record(order_id): adds the order_id to the log

get_last(i): gets the ith last element from the log.
i is guaranteed to be smaller than or equal to N.
```

You should be as efficient with time and space as possible.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 16 Solution](solutions/problem-016-record-get-last-ids.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-17"></a>

### Problem 17:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Suppose we represent our file system by a string in the following manner:

The string `"dir\n\tsubdir1\n\tsubdir2\n\t\tfile.ext"` represents:

```
dir
    subdir1
    subdir2
        file.ext
```

The directory `dir` contains an empty sub-directory `subdir1` and a sub-directory `subdir2` containing a file `file.ext`.

The string `"dir\n\tsubdir1\n\t\tfile1.ext\n\t\tsubsubdir1\n\tsubdir2\n\t\tsubsubdir2\n\t\t\tfile2.ext"` represents:

```
dir
    subdir1
        file1.ext
        subsubdir1
    subdir2
        subsubdir2
            file2.ext
```

The directory `dir` contains two sub-directories `subdir1` and `subdir2`. `subdir1` contains a file `file1.ext` and an empty second-level sub-directory `subsubdir1`. `subdir2` contains a second-level sub-directory `subsubdir2` containing a file `file2.ext`.

We are interested in finding the longest (number of characters) absolute path to a file within our file system. For example, in the second example above, the longest absolute path is `"dir/subdir2/subsubdir2/file2.ext"`, and its length is 32 (not including the double quotes).

Given a string representing the file system in the above format, return the length of the longest absolute path to a file in the abstracted file system. If there is no file in the system, return 0.

Note:

The name of a file contains at least a period and an extension.

The name of a directory or sub-directory will not contain a period.

> Level: Hard

- [Problem 17 Solution](solutions/problem-017-longest-absolute-file-path.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-18"></a>

### Problem 18:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers and a number k, where 1 <= k <= length of the array, compute the maximum values of each subarray of length k.

For example, given array = [10, 5, 2, 7, 8, 7] and k = 3, we should get: [10, 7, 8, 8], since:

10 = max(10, 5, 2)
7 = max(5, 2, 7)
8 = max(2, 7, 8)
8 = max(7, 8, 7)

Do this in O(n) time and O(k) space. You can modify the input array in-place and you do not need to store the results. You can simply print them out as you compute them.

> Level: Hard

- [Problem 18 Solution](solutions/problem-018-sliding-window-max.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-19"></a>

### Problem 19:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

A builder is looking to build a row of N houses that can be of K different colors. He has a goal of minimizing cost while ensuring that no two neighboring houses are of the same color.

Given an N by K matrix where the nth row and kth column represents the cost to build the nth house with kth color, return the minimum cost which achieves this goal.

> Level: Medium

- [Problem 19 Solution](solutions/problem-019-build-different-color-houses.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-20"></a>

### Problem 20:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given two singly linked lists that intersect at some point, find the intersecting node. The lists are non-cyclical.

For example, given A = 3 -> 7 -> 8 -> 10 and B = 99 -> 1 -> 8 -> 10, return the node with value 8.

In this example, assume nodes with the same value are the exact same node objects.

Do this in O(M + N) time (where M and N are the lengths of the lists) and constant space.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 20 Solution]solutions/problem-020-intersecting-node-2-linked-lists.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-21"></a>

### Problem 21:

> This problem was asked by Snapchat.

Given an array of time intervals (start, end) for classroom lectures (possibly overlapping), find the minimum number of rooms required.

For example, given [(30, 75), (0, 50), (60, 150)], you should return 2.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 21 Solution](solutions/problem-021-minimum-rooms-required.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-22"></a>

### Problem 22:

> This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given a dictionary of words and a string made up of those words (no spaces), return the original sentence in a list. If there is more than one possible reconstruction, return any of them. If there is no possible reconstruction, then return null.

For example, given the set of words 'quick', 'brown', 'the', 'fox', and the string "thequickbrownfox", you should return ['the', 'quick', 'brown', 'fox'].

Given the set of words 'bed', 'bath', 'bedbath', 'and', 'beyond', and the string "bedbathandbeyond", return either ['bed', 'bath', 'and', 'beyond] or ['bedbath', 'and', 'beyond'].

> Level: Medium

- [Problem 22 Solution](solutions/problem-022-sentence-split.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-23"></a>

### Problem 23:

> Level:

- [Problem 23 Solution](solutions/problem-023-.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

Commit message:

add problem 23 solution for min steps of boolean tree

Daily-Coding-Problem/README.md, after:

# Daily Coding Problem

### Solutions to <a href= "https://www.dailycodingproblem.com">Daily Coding Problems</a>

<a name="list"></a>

## List:

- [Problem 1: Two Sum Target In Array (Google)](#problem-1) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-001-two-sum-target-in-array.js)

- [Problem 2: Product of Array Elements except current Index (Uber)](#problem-2) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-002-product-array-except-self.js)

- [Problem 3: Serialize and Deserialize a Binary Tree (Google)](#problem-3) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-003-serialize-deserialize-binary-tree.js)

- [Problem 4: First Missing Positive Number (Stripe)](#problem-4) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-004-first-missing-positive.js)

- [Problem 5: Implement Functional Programming Functions car and cdr (Jane Street)](#problem-5) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-005-functional-car-cdr.js)

- [Problem 6: XOR Doubly Linked List (Google)](#problem-6) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-006-XOR-linked-list.js)

- [Problem 7: Number of Ways to Decode (Facebook)](#problem-7) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-007-number-ways-to-decode.js)

- [Problem 8: Number of Unival Subtrees (Google)](#problem-8) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-008-number-of-unival-subtrees.js)

- [Problem 9: Largest Sum of Non-adjacent Numbers (Airbnb)](#problem-9) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-009-largest-sum-non-adjacent-numbers.js)

- [Problem 10: Job Scheduler (Apple)](#problem-10) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-010-job-scheduler.js)

- [Problem 11: Autocomplete with Prefix (Twitter)](#problem-11) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-011-autocomplete-with-prefix.js)

- [Problem 12: Climb Staircase (Amazon)](#problem-12) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-012-climb-staircase.js)

- [Problem 13: Longest Substring of K distinct characters (Amazon)](#problem-13) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-013-longest-substring-k-distinct-chars.js)

- [Problem 14: Use Monte Carlo Method to Find Value of Pi (Google)](#problem-14) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-014-monte-carlo-method-pi.js)

- [Problem 15: Random Element From Stream (Facebook)](#problem-15) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-015-random-element-stream.js)

- [Problem 16: Ecommerce Record and Get Last Ids (Twitter)](#problem-16) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-016-record-get-last-ids.js)

- [Problem 17: Longest Absolute File Path (Google)](#problem-17) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-017-longest-absolute-file-path.js)

- [Problem 18: Sliding Window Max (Google)](#problem-18) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-018-sliding-window-max.js)

- [Problem 19: Build Different Color Houses (Facebook)](#problem-19) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-019-build-different-color-houses.js)

- [Problem 20: Intersecting Node of 2 Linked Lists (Google)](#problem-20) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-020-intersecting-node-2-linked-lists.js)

- [Problem 21: Minimum Rooms Required (Snapchat)](#problem-21) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-021-minimum-rooms-required.js)

- [Problem 22: Sentence Split (Microsoft)](#problem-22) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-022-sentence-split.js)

- [Problem 23: Min Steps in Boolean Tree (Google)](#problem-23) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-023-min-steps-boolean-tree.js)

- [Problem 24: ()](#problem-24) **|** [Solution](solutions/problem-024-.js)

## All Problems:

---

<a name="problem-1"></a>

### Problem 1:

> This problem was recently asked by Google.

Given a list of numbers and a number k, return whether any two numbers from the list add up to k.

For example, given [10, 15, 3, 7] and k of 17, return true since 10 + 7 is 17.

Bonus: Can you do this in one pass?

> Level: Easy

[Problem 1 Solution](solutions/problem-001-two-sum-target-in-array.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-2"></a>

### Problem 2:

> This problem was asked by Uber.

Given an array of integers, return a new array such that each element at index i of the new array is the product of all the numbers in the original array except the one at i.

For example, if our input was [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], the expected output would be [120, 60, 40, 30, 24]. If our input was [3, 2, 1], the expected output would be [2, 3, 6].

Follow-up: what if you can't use division?

> Level: Hard

[Problem 2 Solution](solutions/problem-002-product-array-except-self.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-3"></a>

### Problem 3:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root to a binary tree, implement serialize(root), which serializes the tree into a string, and deserialize(s), which deserializes the string back into the tree.

For example, given the following Node class

class Node:
def **init**(self, val, left=None, right=None):
self.val = val
self.left = left
self.right = right
The following test should pass:

node = Node('root', Node('left', Node('left.left')), Node('right'))
assert deserialize(serialize(node)).left.left.val == 'left.left'

> Level: Medium

[Problem 3 Solution](solutions/problem-003-serialize-deserialize-binary-tree.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-4"></a>

### Problem 4:

> This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given an array of integers, find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space. In other words, find the lowest positive integer that does not exist in the array. The array can contain duplicates and negative numbers as well.

For example, the input [3, 4, -1, 1] should give 2. The input [1, 2, 0] should give 3.

You can modify the input array in-place.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 4 Solution](solutions/problem-004-first-missing-positive.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-5"></a>

### Problem 5:

> This problem was asked by Jane Street.

cons(a, b) constructs a pair, and car(pair) and cdr(pair) returns the first and last element of that pair. For example, car(cons(3, 4)) returns 3, and cdr(cons(3, 4)) returns 4.

Given this implementation of cons:

    ```
        function cons (a,b){
            function pair(f){
                return f(a,b);
            }
            return pair;
        }
    ```

Implement car and cdr.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 5 Solution](solutions/problem-005-functional-car-cdr.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-6"></a>

### Problem 6:

> This problem was asked by Google.

An XOR linked list is a more memory efficient doubly linked list. Instead of each node holding next and prev fields, it holds a field named both, which is an XOR of the next node and the previous node. Implement an XOR linked list; it has an add(element) which adds the element to the end, and a get(index) which returns the node at index.

If using a language that has no pointers (such as Python), you can assume you have access to get_pointer and dereference_pointer functions that converts between nodes and memory addresses.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 6 Solution](solutions/problem-006-XOR-linked-list.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-7"></a>

### Problem 7:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given the mapping a = 1, b = 2, ... z = 26, and an encoded message, count the number of ways it can be decoded.

For example, the message '111' would give 3, since it could be decoded as 'aaa', 'ka', and 'ak'.

You can assume that the messages are decodable. For example, '001' is not allowed.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 7 Solution](solutions/problem-007-number-ways-to-decode.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-8"></a>

### Problem 8:

> This problem was asked by Google.

A unival tree (which stands for "universal value") is a tree where all nodes under it have the same value.

Given the root to a binary tree, count the number of unival subtrees.

For example, the following tree has 5 unival subtrees:

```
         0
        / \
       1   0
          / \
         1   0
        / \
       1   1

```

> Level: Easy

[Problem 8 Solution](solutions/problem-008-number-of-unival-subtrees.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-9"></a>

### Problem 9:

> This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a list of integers, write a function that returns the largest sum of non-adjacent numbers. Numbers can be 0 or negative.

For example, [2, 4, 6, 2, 5] should return 13, since we pick 2, 6, and 5. [5, 1, 1, 5] should return 10, since we pick 5 and 5.

Follow-up: Can you do this in O(N) time and constant space?

> Level: Hard

[Problem 9 Solution](solutions/problem-009-largest-sum-non-adjacent-numbers.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-10"></a>

### Problem 10:

> This problem was asked by Apple.

Implement a job scheduler which takes in a function f and an integer n, and calls f after n milliseconds.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 10 Solution](solutions/problem-010-job-scheduler.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-11"></a>

### Problem 11:

> This problem was asked by Twitter.

Implement an autocomplete system. That is, given a query string s and a set of all possible query strings, return all strings in the set that have s as a prefix.

For example, given the query string de and the set of strings [dog, deer, deal], return [deer, deal].

Hint: Try preprocessing the dictionary into a more efficient data structure to speed up queries.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 11 Solution](solutions/problem-011-autocomplete-with-prefix.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-12"></a>

### Problem 12:

> This problem was asked by Amazon.

There exists a staircase with N steps, and you can climb up either 1 or 2 steps at a time. Given N, write a function that returns the number of unique ways you can climb the staircase. The order of the steps matters.

For example, if N is 4, then there are 5 unique ways:

1, 1, 1, 1
2, 1, 1
1, 2, 1
1, 1, 2
2, 2
What if, instead of being able to climb 1 or 2 steps at a time, you could climb any number from a set of positive integers X? For example, if X = {1, 3, 5}, you could climb 1, 3, or 5 steps at a time.

> Level: Hard

[Problem 12 Solution](solutions/problem-012-climb-staircase.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-13"></a>

### Problem 13:

> This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given an integer k and a string s, find the length of the longest substring that contains at most k distinct characters.

For example, given s = "abcba" and k = 2, the longest substring with k distinct characters is "bcb".

> Level: Hard

[Problem 13 Solution](solutions/problem-013-longest-substring-k-distinct-chars.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-14"></a>

### Problem 14:

> This problem was asked by Google.

The area of a circle is defined as πr^2. Estimate π to 3 decimal places using a Monte Carlo method.

Hint: The basic equation of a circle is x2 + y2 = r2.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 14 Solution](solutions/problem-014-monte-carlo-method-pi.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-15"></a>

### Problem 15:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a stream of elements too large to store in memory, pick a random element from the stream with uniform probability.

> Level: Medium

[Problem 15 Solution](solutions/problem-015-random-element-stream.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-16"></a>

### Problem 16:

> This problem was asked by Twitter.

You run an e-commerce website and want to record the last N order ids in a log. Implement a data structure to accomplish this, with the following API:

```
record(order_id): adds the order_id to the log

get_last(i): gets the ith last element from the log.
i is guaranteed to be smaller than or equal to N.
```

You should be as efficient with time and space as possible.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 16 Solution](solutions/problem-016-record-get-last-ids.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-17"></a>

### Problem 17:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Suppose we represent our file system by a string in the following manner:

The string `"dir\n\tsubdir1\n\tsubdir2\n\t\tfile.ext"` represents:

```
dir
    subdir1
    subdir2
        file.ext
```

The directory `dir` contains an empty sub-directory `subdir1` and a sub-directory `subdir2` containing a file `file.ext`.

The string `"dir\n\tsubdir1\n\t\tfile1.ext\n\t\tsubsubdir1\n\tsubdir2\n\t\tsubsubdir2\n\t\t\tfile2.ext"` represents:

```
dir
    subdir1
        file1.ext
        subsubdir1
    subdir2
        subsubdir2
            file2.ext
```

The directory `dir` contains two sub-directories `subdir1` and `subdir2`. `subdir1` contains a file `file1.ext` and an empty second-level sub-directory `subsubdir1`. `subdir2` contains a second-level sub-directory `subsubdir2` containing a file `file2.ext`.

We are interested in finding the longest (number of characters) absolute path to a file within our file system. For example, in the second example above, the longest absolute path is `"dir/subdir2/subsubdir2/file2.ext"`, and its length is 32 (not including the double quotes).

Given a string representing the file system in the above format, return the length of the longest absolute path to a file in the abstracted file system. If there is no file in the system, return 0.

Note:

The name of a file contains at least a period and an extension.

The name of a directory or sub-directory will not contain a period.

> Level: Hard

- [Problem 17 Solution](solutions/problem-017-longest-absolute-file-path.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-18"></a>

### Problem 18:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers and a number k, where 1 <= k <= length of the array, compute the maximum values of each subarray of length k.

For example, given array = [10, 5, 2, 7, 8, 7] and k = 3, we should get: [10, 7, 8, 8], since:

10 = max(10, 5, 2)
7 = max(5, 2, 7)
8 = max(2, 7, 8)
8 = max(7, 8, 7)

Do this in O(n) time and O(k) space. You can modify the input array in-place and you do not need to store the results. You can simply print them out as you compute them.

> Level: Hard

- [Problem 18 Solution](solutions/problem-018-sliding-window-max.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-19"></a>

### Problem 19:

> This problem was asked by Facebook.

A builder is looking to build a row of N houses that can be of K different colors. He has a goal of minimizing cost while ensuring that no two neighboring houses are of the same color.

Given an N by K matrix where the nth row and kth column represents the cost to build the nth house with kth color, return the minimum cost which achieves this goal.

> Level: Medium

- [Problem 19 Solution](solutions/problem-019-build-different-color-houses.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-20"></a>

### Problem 20:

> This problem was asked by Google.

Given two singly linked lists that intersect at some point, find the intersecting node. The lists are non-cyclical.

For example, given A = 3 -> 7 -> 8 -> 10 and B = 99 -> 1 -> 8 -> 10, return the node with value 8.

In this example, assume nodes with the same value are the exact same node objects.

Do this in O(M + N) time (where M and N are the lengths of the lists) and constant space.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 20 Solution]solutions/problem-020-intersecting-node-2-linked-lists.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-21"></a>

### Problem 21:

> This problem was asked by Snapchat.

Given an array of time intervals (start, end) for classroom lectures (possibly overlapping), find the minimum number of rooms required.

For example, given [(30, 75), (0, 50), (60, 150)], you should return 2.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 21 Solution](solutions/problem-021-minimum-rooms-required.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-22"></a>

### Problem 22:

> This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given a dictionary of words and a string made up of those words (no spaces), return the original sentence in a list. If there is more than one possible reconstruction, return any of them. If there is no possible reconstruction, then return null.

For example, given the set of words 'quick', 'brown', 'the', 'fox', and the string "thequickbrownfox", you should return ['the', 'quick', 'brown', 'fox'].

Given the set of words 'bed', 'bath', 'bedbath', 'and', 'beyond', and the string "bedbathandbeyond", return either ['bed', 'bath', 'and', 'beyond] or ['bedbath', 'and', 'beyond'].

> Level: Medium

- [Problem 22 Solution](solutions/problem-022-sentence-split.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-23"></a>

### Problem 23:

> This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an M by N matrix consisting of booleans that represents a board. Each True boolean represents a wall. Each False boolean represents a tile you can walk on.

Given this matrix, a start coordinate, and an end coordinate, return the minimum number of steps required to reach the end coordinate from the start. If there is no possible path, then return null. You can move up, left, down, and right. You cannot move through walls. You cannot wrap around the edges of the board.

For example, given the following board:

[[f, f, f, f],
[t, t, f, t],
[f, f, f, f],
[f, f, f, f]]
and start = (3, 0) (bottom left) and end = (0, 0) (top left), the minimum number of steps required to reach the end is 7, since we would need to go through (1, 2) because there is a wall everywhere else on the second row.

> Level: Easy

- [Problem 23 Solution](solutions/problem-023-min-steps-boolean-tree.js)

[[List]](#list)

---

<a name="problem-24"></a>

### Problem 24:

> Level:

- [Problem 24 Solution](solutions/problem-024-.js)

[[List]](#list)

---
